## Week of 7 February 2024
 ** Important to know that I have never run anything like this before ** (Was a mech-e student)
 
  - Figuring out how to set up all the things necessary for the onboarding labs.
  - Am I supposed to write the codes in the lab documents in the terminal of my computer???
  - Went with writing in terminal of computer, don't know if it worked out or not...

## Week of 14 February 2024 
  - Nevermind, about last week. Just realized that all of these needs to be completed in VSCode. Doesn't "need" to be in
VSCode but I think it would be easiest to be accomplished in there.
  - Attempting to redo all of the setting ups

## Week of 21 February 2024
  - Got sick... 


## Week of 28 February 2024
  - Was still sick...

## Week of 7 March 2024 
Setup:
  - Had to redo the setup of the development. Thought that the codes in the documents were supposed to be inputted
into the terminal of my computer. Finally realized that it was supposed to be in the built-in terminal in VSCode.
Typical Errors that I ran into was creating the SSH and initializing the repository. Never did anything like this before
and am very new to VSCode so was not sure where to put what. An error that occurred when trying to create the SSH was
that I did not realize the locations of the keys. Initially, tried to use the clip command but had to search for the .ssh
file instead. Also when looking for the file location, it was important to note that looking in the vscode SSH file did
not give the correct key but instead, I looked for it in the Ubuntu file. There I was able to easily set up the SSH.
Additionally did not realize to first write the codes within the WSL remote connection. Fixed this and the rest of
the setup went smoothly. Next had to figure out how to properly initialize the repository. 

## Week of 14 March 2024
Lab #2:
  - Working on Lab #2 (cmake). The first error that I ran into was figuring out exactly where to create the file for CML.
Ended up being in the folder under Ubuntu and not the normal VSCode folder. My assumption now is to create the lab files
and any necessary folders, directories, and documents in the root file in Ubuntu. After figuring this out, wrote the code
directly into the CMakeLists.txt file but was able to figure out that I could just open the CML text file through VSCode
and write the code there. Next, ran the code with the CML file and ran into this error:


CMake Error at CMakeLists.txt:2 (project):
  No CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER could be found.

  Tell CMake where to find the compiler by setting either the environment
  variable "CXX" or the CMake cache entry CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER to the full path
  to the compiler, or to the compiler name if it is in the PATH.

  
According to the internet, might need to install g++ and then set the compiler path. All I needed to do was to install g++ 
and code properly ran. The lab document does not include installing g++ and ninja. 


## Week of 21 March 2024
  - Productive last week, learned a ton about the structure of VSCode, how to run things, etc. Shoutout Vito.
  - Finished the rest of the lab. Have a few questions that came up during the rest of the lab. 
Part 2 Lab 1:
  - Build at the bottom tab makes the task much simpler. After building, pressing the run or play button will execute the
code.

Part 3 Lab 1:
  - Created the codes for the name.cpp and name.hpp but when I ran the code, the src files were not found. Looking into this.
Question I have is that after everytime I edit the files or add a new file do I need to run the make command?


Lab 1 Questions: 
The paths used by target_sources and target_include_directories are relative, not absolute. What file or folder are they relative to?
  - Great question, I don't really know but what I can tell from the first part of the lab was that hello2 is the build file that these
changes are being made to. If I do src/hello.cpp, it targets the src folder. In the first part of the lab, there was no src/ so I would
assume that 
What are some differences between cmake and ninja?

Why is it important to run cmake in its own directory?


## Week of 28 March 2024
  - Began working on lab 2. 
Lab 2: 
